Upmerge 2021 10 20 (#5895)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: modules/mcuboot/CMakeLists.txt

      )
  endif()

>   # Temporary hacky solution to enable USB CDC node in mcuboot for NCS builds

Reviewer: I don't think we should use such wording in our build code.

Better to just state why this is done, and if there is a task to improve it, then refer to that task.
Otherwise just refer to a generic cleanup.

For example:
```suggestion
  # For devices with USB then a USB CDC node in mcuboot is required.
  # As USB CDC is generally needed for this mcuboot use-case it should be considered if this solution could be better generalized.
```

Author: Will reword the comment
